# packages in environment at C:\Users\garvi\Miniconda3\envs\web_dev:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
ca-certificates           2019.11.28           hecc5488_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2019.11.28               py37_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.10.0                     py_2    conda-forge
flask-dropzone            1.5.4                    pypi_0    pypi
flask-executor            0.9.3                    pypi_0    pypi
freetype                  2.10.0               h563cfd7_1    conda-forge
google-pasta              0.1.8                    pypi_0    pypi
intel-openmp              2020.0                      166    anaconda
itsdangerous              1.1.0                      py_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9c                hfa6e2cd_1001    conda-forge
keras-applications        1.0.8                    pypi_0    pypi
keras-preprocessing       1.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
kiwisolver                1.1.0            py37he980bc4_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                1.1.1            py37hfa6e2cd_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.1.3            py37h2981e6d_0    conda-forge
olefile                   0.46                       py_0    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1d               hfa6e2cd_0    conda-forge
opt-einsum                3.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pyqtwebengine             5.12.1                   pypi_0    pypi
python-dateutil           2.8.1                      py_0    conda-forge
redis                     3.4.1                    pypi_0    pypi
setuptools                45.2.0                   py37_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.30.1               hfa6e2cd_0    conda-forge
tensorboard               1.15.0                   pypi_0    pypi
tensorflow                1.15.0                   pypi_0    pypi
tensorflow-estimator      1.15.1                   pypi_0    pypi
termcolor                 1.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
vs2015_runtime            15.5.2                        3    anaconda
werkzeug                  0.16.0                   pypi_0    pypi
wheel                     0.34.2                     py_1    conda-forge
wincertstore              0.2                   py37_1003    conda-forge
